.\" 
.\" Man page for mincid
.\"
.\" For license, see the 'LICENSE' file.
.\"
.TH mincid 7 2015-08-19 "User Commands" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
mincid \- minimalist command line continuous integration and deployment
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mincid
is a command line driven continuous integration and deployment system.
Instead of reinventing the wheel, a lot of different technologies and
methodologies are used to fulfill the tasks.
.B mincid
itself is very lightweight and can be seen as glue between the
different used applications.
.SH DEPENDENCIES
.B mincid
used the following applications.  Most of them are directly used \-
therefore a user of
.B mincid
should be familiar with them:
.RS
.IP \[bu] 2
SLURM is used as a job scheduler and resource manager.  The tasks are
handled by the appropriate worker nodes as configured in slurm.
.IP \[bu]
Docker is used to execute all jobs in a well defined environment.
Typically some minimalist images are created (e.g. debian7, debian8,
ubuntu15_10, centos7, ....).  Other needed packages are installed each
time a job is executed.  Example: if the application needs a
C-compiler, the appropriate package is installed during the job
execution. 
.IP \[bu]
git is used to access the source code of the projects.  Also it is
used to store the
.B mincid
configuration.
.RE

The format of all configuration files is JSON.  The user of
.B mincid
should be familiar with this format.
.SH CONFIGURATION
There are four levels of configuration.  Here a list of configurations
\- starting with the top level.  Each level points to another level of
configuration.
.IP "master configuration" 0.4i
The master configuration contains a pointer to the git repository
where the system configuration and the project configuration can be
found.

This configuration is typically stored a file in the file system of
the control node.
.IP "system configuration"
The system configuration contains the configuration of the different
base images.  When a specific variant should be used, this
configuration describes how this is realized.

This configuration is stored in the
.B mincid
configuration git repository.
.IP "project configuration"
For each project the git repository (and branches) are configured that
should be build.  Also the variants and commands are specified in this
configuration.

This configuration is stored in the
.B mincid
configuration git repository.
.IP "branch configuration"
For each branch a configuration is used to really execute the jobs.  A
complete directed graph of dependencies between jobs can be given.

This configuration is stored in the
.B mincid
source git repository of the project in the appropriate branch(es).

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR slurm-wlm(1),
.BR squeue(1),
.BR scancel(1),
.BR sinfo(1),
.BR slurmd(8),
.BR slurmctld(8),
.BR docker(1),
.BR git(1),
.BR jq(1)
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Andre Florath (andre@florath.net)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2015 by Andre Florath (andre@florath.net).
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
